[DOCS-1894] Docs for wandb beta leet terminal UI (#1893)
wandb/docs: models/runs.mdx

You can view and monitor runs using the W&B App or the `wandb beta leet` terminal UI.

<Tabs>
<Tab title="App">

To view a specific run in the W&B App:

1. Navigate to the [W&B App](https://wandb.ai/home).
2. Navigate to the W&B project you specified when you initialized the run.
3. Within the project sidebar, select the **Workspace** tab.
4. Within the run selector, click the run you want to view, or enter a partial run name to filter for matching runs.

<Frame>
    <img src="/images/runs/demo-project.gif" alt="Project navigation demo"  />
</Frame>

The URL path of a specific run has the proceeding format:

```text
https://wandb.ai/<team-name>/<project-name>/runs/<run-id>
```

Where values enclosed in angle brackets (`< >`) are placeholders for the actual values of the team name, project name, and run ID.

</Tab>
<Tab title="LEET">

To view a run locally in your terminal using the `wandb beta leet` terminal UI:

1. Navigate to the directory containing your run, or note the path to the run directory or `.wandb` file.
2. Run one of the following commands:

   ```bash
   # Look for the latest run in current directory
   wandb beta leet
   
   # Specify a run directory

>    wandb beta leet ./wandb/run-20250813_124246-n67z9ude

Reviewer: Let's point out to users how to properly specify the run director (where and how to find it).

Author: Asked a followup about this in Slack. Thanks.

Author: Done https://github.com/wandb/docs/pull/1893/files#diff-34ae33a0f602b6293c0c3f95f810904904e32f30ec99d76b0c6724fc6ce47836R366 (also in System Metrics)

Reviewer: Thanks. Much better.

## View logged runs

View information about a specific run such as the state of the run, artifacts logged to the run, metrics, system metrics, and more.

You can view and monitor runs using the W&B App or the `wandb beta leet` terminal UI.

<Tabs>
<Tab title="App">

To view a specific run in the W&B App:

1. Navigate to the [W&B App](https://wandb.ai/home).
2. Navigate to the W&B project you specified when you initialized the run.
3. Within the project sidebar, select the **Workspace** tab.
4. Within the run selector, click the run you want to view, or enter a partial run name to filter for matching runs.

<Frame>
    <img src="/images/runs/demo-project.gif" alt="Project navigation demo"  />
</Frame>

The URL path of a specific run has the proceeding format:

```text
https://wandb.ai/<team-name>/<project-name>/runs/<run-id>
```

Where values enclosed in angle brackets (`< >`) are placeholders for the actual values of the team name, project name, and run ID.

</Tab>
<Tab title="LEET">

To view a run locally in your terminal using the `wandb beta leet` terminal UI:

> 1. If you started the run locally from a script, navigate to the directory where you ran your code. It contains a `wandb/` directory with a subdirectory per run and a `latest-run/` symbolic link. Each run directory contains a transaction log with the suffix `.wandb`.

Reviewer: Let's add that, in addition to the `.wandb` suffix, the run ID is prefixed to this file (`run-id.wandb`)

> 1. If you started the run locally from a script, navigate to the directory where you ran your code. It contains a `wandb/` directory with a subdirectory per run and a `latest-run/` symbolic link. Each run directory contains a transaction log with the suffix `.wandb`.

Author: ```suggestion
1. If you started the run locally from a script, navigate to the directory where you ran your code. It contains a `wandb/` directory with a subdirectory per run and a `latest-run/` symbolic link. Each run directory contains a transaction log named in the format `run-<run-ID>.wandb`.
```
